SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 22 (#11355)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/app-development/wpf-windows-overview.md

  
 The window is finally opened by calling the <xref:System.Windows.Window.Show%2A> method; the result is shown in the following figure.  
  

>  ![A Window Opened by Calling Window.Show](./media/wpf-windows-overview//window-opened-window-show.png)  

Reviewer: A file name suggestion to avoid duplicate words

```suggestion
 ![A window opened by calling Window.Show](./media/wpf-windows-overview//window-opened-show-method.png)  
```

  
<a name="Window_Lifetime_Events"></a>   
### Window Lifetime Events  
 The following illustration shows the sequence of the principal events in the lifetime of a window:  
  
 ![Diagram that shows events in a window's lifetime.](./media/wpf-windows-overview/window-lifetime-events.png)  
  
 The following illustration shows the sequence of the principal events in the lifetime of a window that is shown without activation (<xref:System.Windows.Window.ShowActivated%2A> is set to `false` before the window is shown):  
  

>  ![Window Lifetime &#40;Window.ShowActivated &#61; False&#41;](./media/wpf-windows-overview/window-lifetime-no-activation.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Diagram that shows events in a window's lifetime without activation.](./media/wpf-windows-overview/window-lifetime-no-activation.png)  
```

#### Non-Rectangular Window Style  
 There are also situations where the border styles that <xref:System.Windows.Window.WindowStyle%2A> allows you to have are not sufficient. For example, you may want to create an application with a non-rectangular border, like [!INCLUDE[TLA#tla_wmp](../../../../includes/tlasharptla-wmp-md.md)] uses.  
  
 For example, consider the speech bubble window shown in the following figure:  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows a nonrectangular window.](./media/wpf-windows-overview/non-rectangular-window-figure.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![A speech bubble window that says Drag Me.](./media/wpf-windows-overview/non-rectangular-window-figure.png)  
```

### Task Bar Presence  

>  The default appearance of a window includes a task bar button, like the one shown in the following figure.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The default appearance of a window includes a taskbar button, like the one shown in the following figure:
```

>  ![Screenshot that shows a window with a task bar button.](./media/wpf-windows-overview/window-task-bar-button.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Screenshot that shows a window with a taskbar button.](./media/wpf-windows-overview/window-taskbar-button.png)  
```
